readme.md, before:

# About:
A diffusion-limited aggregate script written in python as a personal project in complexity science. In addition to the serious applications in complexity and systems science it's good for making funky "brownian crystals" (aka DLA clusters) and also by using the "animate" toggle in the parameters you can watch the dots move in real time (actually significantly less quickly than not animating).

Uses MatPlotLib to render a board of particles "`points`", which are stored as sets of tuples of coordinates (rather than storing a (sparse) matrix).

During the run, each new addition to the aggregate/agglomeration or "`glom`" is logged in a csv in `/data/<start time in %Y.%m.%d.%H.%M" format>`, and stills of the process are captured as according to the "`frames to snag`" setting used in parameters.py

The neighbors function lists the cells considered adjacent to a particle, and thus dictates the movement properties of a particle.


## Fun settings
"snow"
- animate set to True (or 1)
- `cmap = colors.ListedColormap([[0,0,0.2], [1,1,1], [0.7,0.9,1]])`
- disallow any "y-1"s from neighbours (or add additional y+1s)
- starting glom as "`bottom`" or "`{(bounds[0]-1,i) for i in range(bounds[1])}`"
- spawnsquares as "`top`" or "`{(0,i) for i in range(bounds[1])}`"
- the `bounds`, `simpoints`, point spawning logic, and `dot_sidelength_in_pixels` as whatever looks nice and runs well on your rig

Commit message:

Added a config file and config parser
In a bid to make tweaking the settings a bit more user friendly, the old
parameters.py was removed and all of the settings were collected into to
a config.ini file.

Also implemented a config parser in configure.py which handles all of
the importing of settings.

Added a few new features like "sticky", which makes partcles add
themselves to a the aggregate whenever adjacent, rather than only when
they attempted to move into an aggregate-containing space.

Added a "self_aggregate" settings, where two particles that collide will
add themselves to the aggregate.

readme.md, after:

# About:
A diffusion-limited aggregate script where particles undergo a random walk until they collide with an aggregate whereupon they are added to the "agg".

![A typical crystal](<insert link here>)

I wrote this in python as a personal project in particle simulation complexity science. In addition to the serious applications (models like this are used in simulation of chemical reactions, plant and coral growth, state changes in materials, biophysics, *etc.*) it's also good for making funky "brownian crystals" (aka "DLA clusters") - one can also use the `animate` toggle in `parameters.py` to watch the dots move in real time (note: since the time between frames is locked here, you will want to boost the number of simultaneously simulated particles (`simpoints`), which is both prettier to watch and also is set fairly low in the current parameters file, since using fewer points allows for many more frames to be run in the same time period especially on weaker hardware).

Uses MatPlotLib to render a board of `particles` or `parts`, which are stored as sets of tuples of coordinates (another option would be storing a (sparse) matrix and updating that, but it's not the method used here primarily because this is more tweakable)

During the run, each new addition to the `aggregate` or `agg` is logged in a csv in `/data/<start time in %Y.%m.%d.%H.%M format>`, and stills of the process are captured as according to the `frames to snag` setting used in config.ini (The next update will add a gui for selecting a directory and adding settings)

Note: When resuming a run (setting `continue_previous_run` to `true`, `1`, `yes`, or `on`), config.ini will load the config file from `prev_run`, and use those settings. Updating, renaming, or deleting that file causes the settings in the main directory's config.ini to be kept active.

Config.ini has a lot of annotation, so please read that for more information on settings.

## Fun settings
"snow"
![So Christmas-y](<insert image here>)
- animate set to `true`, `1`, `yes`, or `on`
- `cmap = colors.ListedColormap([[0,0,0.2], [1,1,1], [0.7,0.9,1]])`
- disallow any lines with `y-1` from `movement_options` (or add additional `y+1`s)
- `starting_agg` as `bottom` or "`{(bounds[0]-1,i) for i in range(bounds[1])}`"
- `spawnsquares` as "`top`" or "`{(0,i) for i in range(bounds[1])}`"
- the `bounds`, `simpoints`, point spawning logic, and `dot_sidelength_in_pixels` as whatever looks nice and runs well on your rig


## Dependencies
- Python 3
- numpy
- matplotlib
